Welcome to my second class on common filters.
I want to take you on a little tour to where it all began, Stanford University.
Behind me is VAIL, Stanford's Automotive Resource Center,
and let's go inside.
So, this is junior,
a Stanford's most recent self-driving car,
is the child of Stanley whom you can
find in the National Museum of American History in Washington DC.
Let me tell you something about the equipment that is
on this car that makes it self-driving.
So, this rotating thing over here is
a laser range finder that takes distance scans 10 times a
second about a million data points will be really important
for the common filter class I'm teaching you today.
Its major function is to spot other cars so you don't run into them.
This is the data that comes from the laser.
You can see the car parked in the garage right now,
you see the back wall.
These are all range measurements that tell you how far things are away,
and they're essential as the input to
the common filter that you're going to learn about today.